Docs for virtual app config #421 (#422)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/deployment/config.adoc

NOTE: Filter rules apply separately on different nodes in cluster. If one cluster node denies an app, another cluster node may still allow it.

image:xp-7110.svg[XP 7.11.0,opts=inline]

virtual.enabled:: Allows the use of virtual applications. Default: `true`.

> virtual.schema.override:: If there is a schema in the virtual application with the same name as in the real one, priority will be given to the scheme from the virtual application. Default: `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
virtual.schema.override:: When set to `true`, virtual application schemes will have a priority over schemes in a real application with the same name. When set to `false` virtual application schemes have no affect if real application with the same name exists. Default: `true`.
```
